DOC add scikit-learn MOOC and course materials on the FAQ page (#30469)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/faq.rst

Using scikit-learn
------------------

How do I get started with scikit-learn?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you are new to scikit-learn, or looking to strengthen your understanding,
we highly recommend the **scikit-learn MOOC (Massive Open Online Course)**.

> See our :ref:`External Resources, Videos and Talks page<mooc>` for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See our :ref:`External Resources, Videos and Talks page <mooc>` for more details.
```
I think?

Using scikit-learn
------------------

How do I get started with scikit-learn?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you are new to scikit-learn, or looking to strengthen your understanding,
we highly recommend the
`scikit-learn MOOC (Massive Open Online Course)
<https://www.fun-mooc.fr/en/courses/machine-learning-python-scikit-learn/>`_.
This comprehensive course is designed to help learners of all levels master
machine learning concepts and techniques using scikit-learn. It covers everything
from the fundamental concepts of machine learning to more advanced topics like
predictive modeling pipelines and model evaluation.

The course features interactive content, exercises, detailed explanations,
and discussion forum to help you build a solid foundation in scikit-learn
while applying it to real-world datasets.

The MOOC is free of charge, all the course materials are available at:
`<https://inria.github.io/scikit-learn-mooc/>`_.

> Check it out and get started today!

Reviewer 2: I would remove "Check it out and get started today!"

We want to direct people to a resource, and this wording seems like an advertisement, which I would prefer to avoid.

Author: Thank you for the feedback @reshamas! Yes, I agree with you and I've updated the document and the preview screenshot.

Using scikit-learn
------------------

How do I get started with scikit-learn?
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

If you are new to scikit-learn, or looking to strengthen your understanding,
we highly recommend the **scikit-learn MOOC (Massive Open Online Course)**.

This comprehensive course, hosted on `FUN platform
<https://www.fun-mooc.fr/en/courses/machine-learning-python-scikit-learn/>`_,
is designed to help learners of all levels master
machine learning concepts and techniques using scikit-learn. It covers everything
from the fundamental concepts of machine learning to more advanced topics like
predictive modeling pipelines and model evaluation.

The course features interactive content, exercises, detailed explanations,
and discussion forum to help you build a solid foundation in scikit-learn
while applying it to real-world datasets.

The MOOC is free of charge, all the course materials are available at:

`<https://inria.github.io/scikit-learn-mooc/>`_.

> The videos are available as YouTube playlist at the Inria Learning Lab channel:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The videos are available as a YouTube playlist on the Inria Learning Lab channel:
```
nitpick
